Make cron triggers fire with random delay with parameter `strict` (#198)
apache/openwhisk-package-alarms: README.md

 **Note**: The parameter `maxTriggers` is deprecated and will be removed soon.  To stop the Trigger, use the `stopDate` parameter.

> - `strict` (*optional*): A boolean value that decides to add a few seconds to the Trigger. This work with only five-field cron alarms.

Reviewer: How about updating the sentences like this?
```suggestion
- `strict` (*optional*): A boolean value decides whether to add a few seconds to the Trigger or not. This work with only five-field cron alarms.
  - `true`(default): The trigger fires at the top of the hour/minute (\**:**:00).
  - `false`: The trigger fires with a few seconds variation (\**:**:00-59).
```

  - If it's true, the Trigger will fire at the top of the hour/minute (\**:**:00).
  - Otherwise, the Trigger will fire after the specific seconds (\**:**:00-59).

The delay is determined by the hash value of the Trigger's name, so it keeps the same interval before and after the (re)deployment.

> **Note** This option can be helpful to avoid thundering herds when the second-unit errors are not critical.

Reviewer: How about updating this as well?
```suggestion
**Note** This option can be helpful to avoid thundering herds when the same firing interval is more important than the seconds-unit precision.
```
